README.md, before:

Postnord custom_component
=========================

This is a custom component for home-assistant to track postnord packages.

Its activated by adding the following to your configuration.yaml:
```yaml
sensor:
  - platform: postnord
    api_key: !secret postnord_api_key
```
And you get your own api key by registering at https://developer.postnord.com/


After that you can start to track your packages by calling the service
`postnord.register`  with a argument looking like
`{"package_id": "UA123456789SE"}` to have home-assistant start tracking
that package.

And when you loose interest in that package, you just stop tracking it by
calling `postnord.unregister` with a corresponding argument.


To view all your packages in a nice fashion, I use the auto-entities[1]
card to view them all as a list in lovelace:
```yaml
      - card:
          type: entities
        filter:
          include:
            - domain: postnord
        type: 'custom:auto-entities'
```

If you like this component take a look at its cousin that tracks packages
from DHL[2].


1. https://github.com/thomasloven/lovelace-auto-entities
2. https://github.com/glance-/dhl

Commit message:

Fork Postnord component and create a Bring component
Signed-off-by: Anton Lundin <glance@acc.umu.se>

README.md, after:

Bring custom_component
=========================

This is a custom component for home-assistant to track bring packages.

Its activated by adding the following to your configuration.yaml:
```yaml
sensor:
  - platform: bring
```

After that you can start to track your packages by calling the service
`bring.register`  with a argument looking like
`{"package_id": "12345678"}` to have home-assistant start tracking
that package.

And when you loose interest in that package, you just stop tracking it by
calling `bring.unregister` with a corresponding argument.


To view all your packages in a nice fashion, I use the auto-entities[1]
card to view them all as a list in lovelace:
```yaml
      - card:
          type: entities
        filter:
          include:
            - domain: bring
        type: 'custom:auto-entities'
```

This component shares quite a bit of code and architecture
with my package tracker for Postnord[2] and DHL[3].


1. https://github.com/thomasloven/lovelace-auto-entities
2. https://github.com/glance-/postnord
2. https://github.com/glance-/dhl
